# HSEF - Window System

Configuration for running this program on a Win10 System using Visual Studio 2022.

## Installation Requirements

1. Open the **Visual Studio Installer** and on the right side of the installed Visual Studio you can see and choose the `Modify` option.
2. Select the `Indiviaul component` option at the top of the interface to enter the interface for searching components.
3. Search and check the following components:
    + C++ Clang Compiler for Windows
    + C++ Clang-cl for v142 build tools
    + Test Adapter for Google Test
4. Select the `Modify` button at the bottom right of the page and wait for the installation to complete.

## File Formatting

After completing the above installation steps, Visual Stuido will automatically recognize and format the code using the .clang-format file within the project.

**How to format code within Visual Studio?**

+ At the top of the page select `Edit > Advanced > Format Document`
+ Default shortcut key: `Ctrl + K, Ctrl + D`
+ In general, Visual Studio will automatically find the existence of a clang-format file within the program, prompting the user to apply this file to the code formatting.

**If no file discovery prompt appears?/Formatting failure**

+ At the top of the page select `Tool > Options`
+ Enter the Options interface, select `Text Editor > C/C++ > Code Style > Formatting > General`
+ Check the item `Enable ClangFormat support`, click `OK` button at the bottom of the page to return and retest the format function.

## Generate Documentation

More intuitive operational documentation will be generated by Doxygen.

To switch on and off the function of generating documentation, by going to `cmake > StandardSettings.cmake` file, the users could control this feature by changing the value of **ENABLE_DOXYGEN**.

To enable this feature the user must install Doxygen, the download information can be accessed by going to the [Doxygen official website](https://www.doxygen.nl/download.html).

Get the installation package from the download site, select Next all the way through to complete the installation.

### Option

Graphviz is an open source toolkit for drawing graphs described by DOT language scripts.

If users need to get a more visual picture of the call relationship between classes and files, download Graphviz is nessary.

Similarly, the download link can be obtained by visiting the [Graphviz official website](http://www.graphviz.org/download/).

## Run Test

+ Run all tests by selecting the outermost `CMakeLists.txt` file and right-clicking to choose `Run Tests`.
+ If the user wants to run to see the results of a single test:
	+ Choose the `Switch between solutions and available views` button on the **Solution Exploer** toolbar and switch to the **Solution Explorer - Views**. In the list that appears below, select `CMake Targets View` and double click to open the targets view.
    + Click on the small arrow to the left of **HSEF Project** to view all tests.
    + Right click on any test and select the `Debug` option to run this test.
